Once upon a time, there were a little old woman  and a little old man  who lived in a little cottage  near the river . The little old woman  and the little old man  were hungry, so the little old woman  decided to bake a gingerbread man .

She made a big batch of gingerbread dough, then rolled it flat and cut it in the shape of a gingerbread man . She gave him raisins for eyes , a cinnamon drop for a mouth , and chocolate chips for buttons . Then she put the gingerbread man  in the oven  to bake.

When the gingerbread man  was done, the little old woman  opened the oven  door, but before she could take him out, the gingerbread man  jumped up and ran through the kitchen  and out of the cottage  shouting, “Don’t eat me!”

The little old woman  ran after the gingerbread man . “Stop,” she yelled. But the gingerbread man  ran even faster, chanting, “Run, run as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man .”

The gingerbread man  ran into the garden  and passed the little old man . “Stop,” the little old man  called out, “I want to eat you.” But the gingerbread man  ran even faster, chanting, “I’ve run away from a little old woman , and I can run away from you, I can. Run, run as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man .”

The little old man  chased the gingerbread man , followed by the little old woman . But the gingerbread man  ran too fast for them.

The gingerbread man  ran through the yard  and passed a pig . “Stop,” the pig  snorted, “I want to eat you.” But the gingerbread man  ran even faster, chanting, “I’ve run from a little old woman  and a little old man , and I can run away from you, I can. Run, run as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man .”

The pig  chased the gingerbread man , followed by the little old woman  and the little old man . But the gingerbread man  ran too fast for them.

The gingerbread man  passed a cow  by the barn . “Stop,” the cow  mooed, “I want to eat you.” But the gingerbread man  ran even faster, chanting, “I’ve run from a little old woman  and a little old man  and a pig , and I can run away from you, I can. Run, run as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man .”

The cow  chased the gingerbread man , followed by the pig  and the little old woman  and the little old man . But the gingerbread man  ran too fast for them.

The gingerbread man  passed a horse  in the field. “Stop,” the horse  neighed, “I want to eat you.” But the gingerbread man  ran even faster, chanting, “I’ve run from a little old woman  and a little old man  and a pig  and a cow , and I can run away from you, I can. Run, run as fast as you can. You can’t catch me, I’m the gingerbread man .”

The horse  chased the gingerbread man , followed by the cow , the pig , and the little old woman  and the little old man . But the gingerbread man  ran too fast for them.

Then the gingerbread man  reached a wide river , but he didn’t know how to swim. A sly and hungry fox  saw the gingerbread man  and said, “Jump on my tail, and I’ll take you across the river !”

The gingerbread man  thought to himself, “I’ll be safe on his tail.” So he jumped on the fox’s  tail and they started across the river .

Halfway across the river , the fox  barked, “You’re too heavy for my tail, jump on my back.” So the gingerbread man  jumped on the fox’s  back.

Soon, the fox  said, You’re too heavy for my back, jump onto my nose.” So the gingerbread man  jumped on the fox’s  nose. But as soon as they reached the riverbank, the fox  flipped the gingerbread man  into the air, snapped his mouth shut, and ate the gingerbread man .

And that was the end of the gingerbread man .